easy1.ss : Solved
easy2.ss : Solved
hard1.ss : Solved
hard2.ss : Solved
hard3.ss : Solved
hard4.ss : Solved
hard5.ss : Solved
hard6.ss : Solved
hard7.ss : Solved
hidden_quads.ss : Solved
moderate1.ss : Solved
moderate2.ss : Solved
moderate3.ss : Solved
moderate4.ss : Solved
quads1.ss : Solved
standard1.ss : Solved
swordfish1.ss : UNSOLVED
swordfish2.ss : UNSOLVED
swordfish3.ss : UNSOLVED
swordfish4.ss : UNSOLVED
swordfish5.ss : UNSOLVED
swordfish6.ss : UNSOLVED
triples1.ss : Solved
triples2.ss : Solved
very_easy1.ss : Solved
very_hard1.ss : Solved
very_hard2.ss : Solved
very_hard3.ss : Solved
very_hard4.ss : Solved
very_hard5.ss : Solved
x-wing1.ss : Solved
x-wing2.ss : Solved
x-wing3.ss : Solved
x-wing4.ss : Solved
28/34 